Refine UG for duration and find for lessons (#243)
AY2425S1-CS2103-F11-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* The price per hour **must be a non-negative integer**.
* The duration **must be a decimal number or an integer** in multiples of 0.5.
* The duration have to be more than 0 and be at most 24.

> * Do not use any other special characters other than a single `.` for th decimal point if required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not use any other special characters other than a single `.` for indicating decimal points if required. 
```
